[#45] Assert count difference should take a prefix option (#46)
bitcrowd/bitcrowd_ecto: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 -->

### Added

> * Update `Repo.fetch_by`, `Repo.count`, and `Assertions.assert_count_difference` to take `opts` used for the repo query (eg: `prefix`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Give `Repo.fetch_by/2`, `Repo.count/1`, and `Assertions.assert_count_difference/4` an optional  `opts` parameter that is forwarded to the underlying Ecto function. Useful to pass query options like `:prefix`.

```
